Remove IRemoteFileService.getRemoteFiles directory listing operation (#396)
BSI-Business-Systems-Integration-AG/org.eclipse.scout.docs: docs/modules/migration/partials/migration-guide-26.2.adoc

});
----

> == Trust manager and remotes files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Trust manager and remote files
```

> `org.eclipse.scout.rt.server.commons.GlobalTrustManager.getTrustedCertificatesInRemoteFiles()` has been removed that is all trusted certificates have to be provided locally now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`org.eclipse.scout.rt.server.commons.GlobalTrustManager.getTrustedCertificatesInRemoteFiles()` has been removed. As a result, all trusted certificates now have to be provided locally.
```

> The following service operations have been removed also:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following service operations have also been removed:
```

* `org.eclipse.scout.rt.client.services.common.file.IFileService.syncRemoteFiles(String, FilenameFilter)`
* `org.eclipse.scout.rt.client.services.common.file.IFileService.syncRemoteFilesToPath(String, String, FilenameFilter)`
* `org.eclipse.scout.rt.shared.services.common.file.IRemoteFileService.getRemoteFiles(String, FilenameFilter, RemoteFile[])`

> *

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
